#ExampleRun 1 of controllerDriver model

## CODE
```java
package images;
import java.io.FileReader;
import java.io.IOException;

/**
 * Driver class of my project. To show how my code works.
 */
public class ControllerMain {

  /**
   * Main method to help run the code.
   *
   * @param args args
   * @throws IOException if the file isn't found
   */
  public static void main(String[] args) throws IOException {

    Readable reader = new FileReader(args[0]);
    ImageModel model = new BasicModel();
    Controllers control = new BasicController(reader,System.out);
    control.start(model);
    Readable readerTwo = new FileReader(args[1]);
    Controllers controlTwo = new BasicController(readerTwo,System.out);
    controlTwo.start(model);
  }
}

```

##RESULT
load ran successfully
mosaic ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pixelate ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pattern ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
mosaic ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pixelate ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pattern ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
blur ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
blur ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sharpen ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sharpen ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
grey ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
grey ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sepia ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sepia ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
dither ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
dither ran successfully
save ran successfully
program is done running
load ran successfully
mosaic ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pixelate ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
grey ran successfully
pattern ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
mosaic ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
pixelate ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sepia ran successfully
pattern ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
blur ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
blur ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sharpen ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sharpen ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
grey ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
grey ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sepia ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
sepia ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
dither ran successfully
save ran successfully
load ran successfully
dither ran successfully
save ran successfully
program is done running

The code is done running, all effects have been applied to the images.
